	I am a student in my third week of We Can Code IT's 24 week bootcamp. I'm twenty seven years old and I recently completed my undergraduate degree in philosophy. The path that led me here is crooked, as it is for many of the students I've met in bootcamp. I'd like to explain what led me to this juncture in my life because, like many people who enroll in coding bootcamps, I haven't always known or even suspected that I would seek employment in the field of IT. 
	I've always had diverse interests, so it took me a while to decide on philosophy as a major. I started college at the Cleveland Institute of Art (CIA) with the vague expectation that I would complete my undergraduate degree in art (which I loved) and then go on to medical school to get a "real job". This didn't happen. After transferring from CIA to John Carroll University, a liberal arts college, I discovered that I had no interest in studying the sciences required for admission to medical school. I realized that, aside from my father being a neurologist, I had no reason to believe that medicine was an appropriate career choice for me. I had never given any thought to another career path; my plan wasn't working out and I felt comepletely lost. It became apparent to me that I had never allowed my true interests to develop, and as a result I new very little about myself. 
	I began exploring things that truly interested me. I switched my major twice at John Carroll, from Mathematics to Art History, and then from Art History to Philosophy. When I took Ancient Greek philosophy, I knew I had found a subject I really loved studying. Although it was the most challenging class I had taken so far, I switched my major to philosophy because of it. I'm glad I chose to major in philosophy--I knew there wasn't going to be a "good job" waiting for me after graduation, but I had found a subject in which I was truly interested. I decided that after college I would complete an apprenticeship in a skilled trade and become employable that way. I imagined being a carpenter or an electrician by day, and having time to engage in my true passions of art and philosophy in the evenings and on weekends.
	In my last semester of college, with the goal of avoiding writing any more papers than absolutely necessary (philosophy classes involve a lot of writing) I enrolled in a class that I could be sure involved no writing whatsoever, but which I fully expected to be the dullest class of my entire time at college: Database Systems. I had never taken a computer programming course before, but since there were no prerequisites, I registered for the class without much of an idea of what it would be about (this should illustrate the strength of my desire to avoid writing another paper). It came easily to me, and to my surprise, it was fun. Since it was an online Summer class, I had no way to tell how I stacked up against my classmates, but I assumed that since I could do it, it probably was easy for everyone. After the final, I received a message from my professor who seemed surprised that I had not taken any other Computer Science classes before. According to him, I was the only student who hadn't struggled through the class. He suggested that I take more classes in the Computer Science department, it seemed like I had a flare for it. I told him that I was on my way out, but that this was good news, since I was looking to cultivate some practical skill that would enable me to get a "good job". While I was fully intending to go into a skilled trade to access a comfortable standard of living, I was excited that the more lucrative skill of computer programming was a realistic possibility. 
	After doing some research on the internet, I learned about "coding bootcamps" which claimed to turn complete novices into employable computer programmers in a few months. I decided to go for it, and here I am. I never would have guessed that a field that I formerly thought of as dry and uninteresting would incorporate so many of my interests. Coding has surprised me by proving to demand many of the same skills that have brought me success in my studies of art and philosophy: creativity, meticulous attention to detail, analytical thinking, problem solving, persistence and patience. I am eager to see where all this will lead.
